what is this area
it's the courtyard of ICI the senior
dorm
what's the dorm life here yeah so this
is like we have the biggest spaces here
so this slip party space like all the
fresh eggs all the sophomores come over
here if you stay here till later you'll
hear it going on that's sweet always
place sweet home alabama' on loop it's
so annoying let's go yep let's go on six
people live in the suite two on pretty
much every floor we have four floors
this floor has the lounge in it yes the
lounge we all hang out here a bunch four
of us aren't on this yeah I know right
it's really great the townhouses get
like this island and wearable yeah four
of us are off the meal plan so like
pretty much like Asian stuff I have my
rice cooker over there yeah and it's
just pretty much that as a basis of
everything one of my friends is really
into baking yeah so this is like the
real microwave that the place came with
and they bothered this thing which is
supposed to be like a power convection
oven sauce yes so one of my suite mates
is a huge Star Wars fan he works at JPL
it's a branch of natural that works with
people here I think that was initially
supposed to be a bar actually if we
think if you go up to one of my friends
houses we built up like get four in
their lounge blanket yeah we put let me
ask everything I love the view so how
many remains deliver five but five
roommates 12 people including six people
in this entire suite it's a good dirty I
lived in a 6000 room I got Sunday I like
plants as well as animals and I was
trying to grow scallions these are X
scallions my bathroom six people share
this tire space yeah I think the point
of having this door was to make make it
so that you could use the bathroom while
someone was in the shower but because of
that like doesn't really work that way
[Music]
okay so this is my room
Wow that's my kingdom yes so I got a
fish tank like two years ago when I
didn't really have permission to have a
pet these are all 3d printing that that
middle one was a design that I adapted
from Thingiverse there's an Archimedes
screw in the center that central column
you see there that brings marbles up
from an entrance and it sends it down
the slides and it sends it up down
another slide it's a really cool to see
it in motion so I'm really into planning
and scheduling my face so can you walk
me through your blackboard over you yeah
usually it's just a reminder of like
this things like I'll write down
anything that I know I have to do but I
don't have a specific time by what I
need to do that because like usually
those I just put my calendar
I haven't graded yet
[Music]
anyway I just like write down a bunch of
the mom here's just so I had the
satisfaction of like taking them off
yeah yeah I got all these s hooks to
like put on the side of this she wanted
to watch my video since then she
honestly has the best Netflix and chill
set Oh
[Music]
as soon as we walked in we were greeted
by this gigantic creature it's honestly
an engineering I was so shocked this is
the kind of thing to you only seen boots
[Music]
the Declaration of for Ambrose are those
pictures from high school last month
article 1 this is a safe space
I started from occupation rules no
racism sexism homophobia transphobia and
other forms of discrimination will be
tolerated does that feel like they put
more time into this than their actual
project no sex of any kind no heavy
petting cuddling is dress code two items
of clothing must be worn by all
occupants at all times as doesn't say
watch two items scroll through this holy
what do you have a history oh this is
that's inside the original four dampers
oh wow and then the reconstruction this
is me in action that seems n-not helped
[Laughter]
economy politics infrastructure
demographics couple of dick Wiggles
culture national songs your model you
are truly an engineering Jesus tell them
you know how to end this video like and
subscribe alright peace out guys have a
good night and see you next time